AST-3365 - Widget section need to provide font color and font size options. (#5389)
brainstormforce/astra: changelog.txt

- New: Introducing new Twitter-X Icon added for Social Sharing and Social Icons.
- New: WooCommerce - Compatibility for a pro cart shortcode 'astra_woo_slide_in_cart', which adds support for a slide-in cart feature. (Needs Doc).
- Improvement: Added a new filter 'astra_woo_shop_product_title_link' to remove the product title link from the product page.

> - Improvement: Header-Footer Builder - Widget design options added by default in Astra.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improvement: Header-Footer Builder - Enabled widget design options by default and it is supported for editor blocks as well.
```
